We should talk when u back to korea, i think its important.
Also hope u slept well and probably u enjoying last day vacation, I'm happy when you are happy, also I saw your photos, building look amazing and my bf also look perfect like always, I won't bother you today, just spend a good time, eat well and enjoy last day how much u can please, if u want send me photos later, I really love looking through these pictures, sometimes I look at them a couple of times.

sometimes I think I have some kind of radar because my notifications are turned off and how I usually look at conversations as you write. Have fun! Btw i love this place so much... its my style. I thought of you baby. Did you sleep well honey? Yeah, im always wonder how. I finally finished cleaning the kitchen.

I'll start on Wednesday. I will ask them on Wednesday. If they haven't prepared a work plan for me yet, maybe I have something to say. You are so lovely. Im really lucky. Just do it consciously no rush or pressure. I love you. But i know, you are really loved, you worry and want good for me, it's cute. You are my angel. My guardian. My bodyguard. Lover and someone who make me smile and happy. Now im romantic. Happy to read, I love you too.

I don't know if I won't be working... so I'm a little worried that I won't be able to run in the race. Please tell them. You should see the end! You prepared for it. Stop being perfect husband material I can't fall in love again. My heart melting.

I think true love can happen in long distance relationship. But I dont want to stay long distance forever. I think that some relationships that see each other every day or often and everyone thinks it's finally that person, but the relationship often ends after a few months. But just a long relationship I have the impression that it needs more patience or understanding, it's something man wants a lot and I have a feeling that maybe that's why I feel differently than you.

I was just making a to-do list and a money saving plan for the next 8 months. It wasn't easy for me. Also I was surprised that u wasn't leave me that quickly and u can wait... so thats its really important for me. And I'm grateful. That's why I'm trying to get a job, save money, go to you, go to university and go for Exchange students, I'm always thinking about us. I always think about what I should do to make it the best for us.

It's an antiquities museum. There's a lot of old stuff here. I went to ancient roman city.